So as we said, OK, let's go ahead and create a function.
So the syntax is very simple.
Now we understand that the main here is indeed its own function, so we need to get outside of the main
function to create another function.
So let's say fun in this case.
Let's call this say hello like this?
OK, so this is the syntax.
And then we have to add, of course, our curly braces to say that there is the block of our function.
So here I can just say something very simple say print like that.
This is a function like this.
Now the whole idea of a function, as we said, is it just a way for us to package up certain statements
and logic right into its own entity and then we can't use it?
The great thing here is that we can call this anywhere we want.
Mainly, we're going to call instead of another function.
So in this case, I'm going to say something like, say hello like this, and you can see that Android
Studio actually helps us right away to say, OK, I think you meant to say hello function, right?
So we can just hit enter.
And there we go.
You know, it's called and make sure that you understand that when we call a function, we need to,
of course, pass the parentheses as such.
OK, so now if you run this and you can see it says this is a function because we've called say hello
inside of main and remember, main is the entry point to any Kotlin program.
OK, so so get so obviously in this enclosed body here, we can do all sort of things right.
We can use, for instance, say something like for like that for Loop can see I in one through 100.
We want to also say if I percentage sign to is equal to zero, meaning that we have numbers that are
divisible by two.
Then we can go ahead and take this and put inside there and say, Hi, is multiple of two like this?
OK.
So now I run this because say hello is still being called.
You can see that we have this working, let's say, print Ellen to make it.
Even so, we have a line break and go, let's run again.
This is just makes it easier to read.
So two is multiple of two, four and so forth, up to 100.
All right.
So there we go.
We have the method to say hello, and there we have it because again, we're inside of our function.
We can do all sort of things here and then be able to call it.
This is its own entity, if you will, and then package it all up inside of this core, the braces.
This is the body of our function, and we can call that function by its name.